welcome to andreina harassing the egg
favorite of the stalkers and the day of
today the comedian would be costing
composer and artist
today I wanted to talk to you about a
page that I found on the internet that
mix your photo and read your boyfriend who in
my case is danielito and it tells you how
zoom in on the here study
very meritorious well one day will be in
my tummy
whether your dad does it
voluntarily or that he has to do
that the rubbish condoms today daniel
is in the park trying like everyone
the sides let's visit them come
well my children there is daniel but
here exciting we are going to put this
miser of a beggar to camouflage us
another important thing is that I do not know
light your handkerchief and your vinegar because
is going to take pepper spray if we
we approach very fast
that's why we were going
as an offensive page there is nothing
worry about the magazine 2009
untimely to solve this for that
kind of situations that always remain
Bárzaga in the pockets
and sorry
my trash sister
you are andreina the one that has a thing
is more let's take a picture but I have
a perfect photo because I'm the one
I wrote to you I also want to talk to you in
your YouTube channel I am the crazy 69
more possible not me since that day what
I have here always look at this bit
what
perfect
nova runs with scissors because my mom
he told me not to
good with flavors and stalkers today no no
with very well but next week
let's choose the celebrity better
destination and nacho if you are seeing this what
we are going to violate next week